[Music]
hey get ready for 12 unexpected facts
about North Korea's military forces
you've probably heard scary stories
about the lives of the 25 million people
in the reclusive and isolated nation of
North Korea if things are so rough for
ordinary people imagine how hard it must
be for those serving in the military
let's see what it's like to be a soldier
in the North Korean army before we
unveil this mystery of the east take
this opportunity to subscribe to the
bright side of life that little
notification belt will also help you to
always be informed of our latest updates
[Music]
all right counting down from number 12
north Korea has compulsory military
service for everyone now when we say
everyone we mean both men and women
every man must serve his country for 10
years and every woman must serve for
seven guys look enough to get into
university and get a bachelor's degree
are allowed to serve for five years
after graduation science is important to
the country only serve for 3 years
unfortunately very few citizens get a
university degree owing to a lack of
schooling it's no surprise that North
Korea has the largest army in the world
in comparison to the number of people
who live there there are 47 active
soldiers for every 1000 people that's a
total of 1 million 190,000 active
soldiers and 6,300,000 in reserve just
think about this for a moment
the US has 5 active soldiers for every
thousand people and Russia has 10
number eleven their paramilitary force
includes teenagers now you think that
their active Army would be large and
powerful enough to protect the country
from enemies however they also have a
paramilitary force the worker-peasant
Red Guards also known as the workers and
peasants red militia has somewhere
between 1.5 and six million reservists
but they don't like to reveal the real
numbers there are also teenage soldiers
the red youth guards organization was
created in 1970 and takes 15 to 17 year
olds on compulsory survival military
training for 10 to 15 days in the summer
in this way they prepare for
conscription at the age of 18 in case of
war these guys are also likely to jump
in with their weapons number 10 the
nutrition is so terrible that many
soldiers can barely walk many think that
serving your country for 10 years when
it wasn't your choice would be
challenging enough just wait
imagine you're going through hard
military training on raw corn kernels or
a few potatoes a day and even that isn't
guaranteed before the potato harvest
season so it's no surprise that 2 out of
every 5 North Koreans are undernourished
according to UN figures it might also
explain the fact that many North Korean
soldiers are a few inches shorter than
soldiers in the South Korean army once
they get too weak to be efficient in
their training they are sent home to
recharge at that point many of them are
too weak to walk on Aidid unfortunately
not everyone lives up to that point many
soldiers pass away from hunger and
related health conditions it is hard to
imagine the sufferings of their families
who know that their children might not
come back from the army even in times of
peace soldiers fighting for their lives
often have to steal food by raiding
farms and villages there
have been reports showing that some
senior officers even forced juniors to
steal from farmers or work in the fields
twice a year they also say they have to
use human excrement instead of
fertilizer during that work number nine
the uniforms injure the soldiers wearing
a uniform is pretty standard for any
army normally it's a subject of pride in
respect in North Korea it's also a
source of pain and injuries according to
former soldiers the boots they wear in
cold winter months are thin and stuffed
with cotton for reasons of economy they
aren't sturdy enough to protect the
soldiers from frostbite and start to
fall apart quickly they rub hurt and
injure the soldiers
number eight things are even worse for
female soldiers
[Music]
most people in today's world realize
that women deserve to be treated the
same way as men and given the same
rights but that's not exactly the case
in the North Korean army during their
seven years of compulsory military
service many women fall victim to sexual
violence or humiliation the right place
for them is considered to be the kitchen
former soldiers told of how executive
officers and commanders harassed female
recruits touching them inappropriately
it could be a touch on the hip or the
neck that progresses to something even
more inappropriate there are currently
around 180,000 women serving as it only
became compulsory three years ago this
accounts for 40% of ladies aged between
18 and 25 because of the terrible
conditions they live in the hard
training and malnutrition Aletta them
skip their periods for years however
they say this might be for the best
because they'd otherwise have to wash
and reuse cotton pads and suffer even
more now you might say things couldn't
possibly get worse but hold on more
scary facts are on the way to you number
seven they have to throw landmines into
the Yellow Sea according to reports Kim
Jong on forced his army to throw
landmines into the Yellow Sea which
would resurfaced in South Korea and kill
locals and tourists the reports say that
the primary target of those landmines
was American tourists and there were
over 100 reported incidents connected
with those landmines in 2017 foreign
tourists obviously can't read the
warning signs and Korean characters and
they fall into danger zones quite easily
even though not all of the soldiers
agree with a command leading to so much
cruelty they have no choice and no right
to refuse to do it or complain
[Music]
number six soldiers are brainwashed
one might hope that no human being would
support violence against other humans
even if they came from a different
country or political regime well even if
some North Korean soldiers refused to
support violence their army commanders
are working to change that they spend
about 60% of their time learning the
right ideology right as in North Korea
is superior to other countries and all
those other countries want to attack
them so they always have to be on guard
obey Kim jong-un no matter what and be
ready to give their lives for him they
are supposedly doing it for the next
generations to have the same happy life
they're living now brainwashing isn't so
hard in an isolated country number 5 the
military hospitals are dangerous
brainwash soldiers believe it's an honor
to get injured and die in the name of
their leader so what happens to the
soldiers that get hurt they are sent to
a special military treatment center
however those centers have no free
medications when interviewed former
soldiers described how they had to pay
for their treatment and even when they
did all they got was alcohol rubbed on
them that obviously didn't help much and
causes even more pain when treatment
doesn't help they are kicked out of the
Army in case of death there's no
compensation for the family all they get
is a certificate stating how long the
soldier served
number four soldiers personalities
change
[Music]
getting back home out of the army alive
and physically uninjured sounds like a
dream after all we've learned still
there's a different kind of danger to
the soldiers their personalities often
shift so briefly that there's nothing
that can bring things back to normal
soldiers have to be merciless and
suppress their feelings and emotions
years of violence cannot go unnoticed
and they turn those men and women into
cruel machines it's no surprise that
many civilians prefer to avoid any
contact with the military number three
there's no way to escape the most
natural thing to do to avoid all the
suffering pain and cruelty seems to be
escaping the army there have been
multiple attempts to do so and they
don't end well Kim jong-un doesn't
approve of defection especially when
soldiers try to flee the country running
away abroad often seems like the only
route to safety the North Korean leader
believes it's bad for the country's
reputation so those trying to cross the
Tumen River are mostly taken down plus
military seniors who didn't stop the
recruits from escaping or failed to
inform about their plot get punished too
that's why very few people are bold
enough to try to escape finally two
facts must be mentioned as they concern
us all
number two North Korea has the same
number of submarines as the US this one
sounds pretty alarming given the size
and military forces of the two countries
the US has around 72 submarines and
North Korea has somewhere between 70 and
75 now we must clarify that they aren't
quite the same submarines the North
Korean subs mostly come from the Soviet
era even the famous Kim Jong Un's
personal nuclear sub is said to be a
Yugoslavian model from the 70s number
one they spend almost half of their
budget on the army this information is
not in open sources but a lot of people
are wondering how much money North Korea
spends on its military official
government reports say fifteen point
eight percent but many experts agree it
must be at least thirty eight percent
just think of it basically half of the
country's budget is spent on its army
and that clearly speaks to its
priorities so which of these facts
surprised or disappointed you the most
tell us in the comments below don't
forget to give us a like and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life I dove lie
[Music]